=== JD ===
TITLE: Nurse Practitioner
Requirements
Minimum of two (2) years experience in hospice, home health or community health in the past five (5) years.
Employee is regularly required to assist in lifting and transferring patients as required.
Lift objects in excess of twenty pounds.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include: close vision, distance vision and ability to adjust focus.
The employee will be required to stand or walk in excess of one hour per day, talk, hear, sit, stoop, kneel and crouch as needed.
Requires completion of accredited Nurse Practitioner program.
State licensure is also required.
Responsibilities
Records physical findings, and formulates plan and prognosis, based on patient's condition.
Discusses case with physician and other health professionals to prepare comprehensive patient care plan.
Prescribes or recommends drugs or other forms of treatment.
Monitors and maintains progress of patients and reports progress to supervising physician.
Has the ability to work collaboratively with hospice employees and volunteers as part of an Interdisciplinary Team.

=== JD ===
TITLE: Electric Foreman
Requirements
Progressive electrical leaders who love using technology and want a clear career path
Skilled field supervisor with at least five (5) years of experience managing a scope and running multimillion dollar projects for an electrical contractor
Must have an active journeyman or master electrician license
Proficient knowledge of the National Electrical Code (NEC), local codes and construction safety requirements
Must have at least basic computer and writing skills
Responsibilities
Working closely with project superintendent and other trades, oversee the assigned scope, including the management of material and manpower
Accountable for enforcing and promoting high quality and safety standards
Utilize technology such as company-provided iPad and smartphone to ensure the job gets done on time and exceeds customer expectations
Supervise, mentor and motivate employees working on designated scope

=== JD ===
TITLE: Physician - Pathologist
Requirements
MD, MD/PhD, or DO degree or foreign equivalent
Eligible for state medical license
Board certified or eligible in Anatomic Pathology (AP) or Anatomic Pathology/Clinical Pathology (AP/CP)

=== JD ===
TITLE: Retail Assistant Manager
Requirements
1 year of customer service experience
Supervisory experience preferred
Ability to foster a team while creating a positive working environment
Experience in training and directing others
Ability to take initiative and participate in making decisions
Demonstrated ability to achieve goals
Computer proficiency
Ability to work a flexible schedule
Assistant Manager applicants must be at least 18 years of age
Responsibilities
Assist in the supervision of a store team focused on creating an unforgettable shopping experience that leaves our customers looking and feeling their best
As a sales lead, interact with customers on a regular basis leading the customer experience with the store team
The assistant manager strategizes to achieve team sales goals
As a key holder, involved in efficiently and accurately executing maurices Standard Operating Practices (SOPs), such as opening and closing the store

=== JD ===
TITLE: Commercial Lines Account Manager
Requirements
High school diploma or equivalent
5-7 years of recent agency experience handling the service of multi-line commercial lines book of business
Current Washington State Insurance License and appropriate Non-Resident Licenses
Working knowledge of MS Office (Word, Excel, and Outlook)
Responsibilities
Assist Producers in the placement of new and renewal business
Prepare and send Future ACORD applications to market for Renewal indications, per AE/Producer instructions
Assist with the marketing of New Business
Provide direct customer service support for commercial lines clients
Issue appropriate documentation, as needed including certificates of insurance, auto insurance ID cards, etc.
Compose or assist in composition of highly technical or sensitive correspondence
Ability to translate highly technical information for the client’s understanding
Compile applications, negotiate with underwriters and prepare proposals for new and renewal business proposals/offerings
Contact clients and/or underwriters to obtain additional information or answer questions
Resolve policy and coverage related concerns for clients, insurance carriers, and Producers
Ability to communicate negative actions to the client, while offering a solution to remedy the situation
Bind or place coverage with acceptable carriers adhering to appropriate carriers binding authority
Stay current on company insurance products and offerings
Be cognizant of developments in the marketplace, including product line offerings, changing insurance consumer trends and needs when advising clients
Set up and maintain electronic file information in the Agency Management System including data entry and client & policy database maintenance
Desired Qualifications
Professional designation (ACSR, CIC, CPCU, CISR)
Knowledge of carrier websites
Experience with Agency Management Software Systems

=== JD ===
TITLE: Lead Electrical Test Technician
Requirements
Associate degree in Electrical/Electronics, Computer, Mechanical Technologies, or related fields.
4+ years of electronics testing experience in an R&D environment.
Familiarity with reading electrical system and component schematics.
Familiarity with product development life cycle, reliability, and compliance testing.
Familiarity with electronics test equipment such as power supplies, electronic loads, oscilloscope, function generators, data acquisition and measurement sensors.
Strong root cause analysis skills.
Excellent written, verbal, interpersonal and communication skills.
Able to pivot quickly between tasks and prioritize simultaneous tasks in a fast-paced environment.
U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data.
Ability to lift a minimum of 25 lbs. Unassisted.
Responsibilities
Setup, execute and analyze test experiments per test procedures and record findings into test records.
Support with builds of test harnesses, racks, and environmental setups.
Update existing test systems to improve automation, consistency, and coverage per engineering instructions.
Proficient at troubleshooting and repair of electrical, electronics and integrated circuits to the component level.
Maintenance and calibration of electrical and/or mechanical test equipment.
Create assembly instructions and bill of materials for test equipment and fixtures.
Document test plans, user instructions and manuals.
Maintain a clean and safe work environment.
Travel to test sites and external laboratories as required.
Desired Qualifications
5+ years electronics testing experience.
Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, or related field.
Familiarity with IPC Quality Standards, IPC-610, IPC-620, J-STD and other assembly and inspection standards.
Experience with High Voltage and High Power Testing such as propulsion inverters and batteries.
Experience with equipment calibration and metrology.
Experience with electrical compliance testing such as EMI/EMC testing.

=== JD ===
TITLE: Territory Sales Manager
Requirements
5+ years of outside business-to-business sales, with experience in direct-store-delivery, route sales, car, wireless, or similar high-activity environments strongly preferred
Demonstrated ability to open new accounts while retaining and growing an existing book
Comfort with 50+ daily outbound touches alongside consistent field activity
Strong customer relationship management discipline and forecasting accuracy
Ability to operate autonomously with clear performance accountability
Responsibilities
The phone comes first. Emails go out before 9 AM so every call has a reason to connect. Fifty outbound touches per day — calls, texts, emails, and in-person visits — is the floor, not the goal.
Sell into convenience stores by understanding how the buyers business works — margin, category performance, shelf velocity, reorder cycles; lead with economics rather than product.
Work with distributors; hold distributor partners accountable to door count targets and velocity benchmarks — not just taking orders.
Open new accounts every month; minimum of 20 new c-store accounts per month; maintain existing accounts with consistent touchpoints and an 80%+ reorder rate within 60 days of opening.
Manage a pipeline with daily CRM updates; follow up every open quote within 24 hours; maintain pipeline coverage at 3x monthly quota (yellow flag below 3x, red flag below 2x).
Desired Qualifications
Experience managing distributor or broker relationships preferred
Convenience store channel experience preferred
Independent retail channel experience preferred

=== JD ===
TITLE: Retail Sales Associate
Requirements
Less than 1 Year Experience using a computer, including inputting, accessing, modifying, or outputting information
Less than 1 Year Experience using common retail technology, such as smart phones and tablets
Less than 1 Year Retail experience, performing tasks such as: identifying and selling products based on customer needs; explaining warranties, product features, and benefits; assisting customers in locating products; building customer relationships; identifying and resolving customer issues; zone recovery; and housekeeping
Ability to obtain sales related licensure or registration as may be required by law
Responsibilities
Provides SMART customer service at all times through the daily execution of Lowe's customer service policies, procedures and programs
Seeks out customers to understand his/her needs and assists in locating, demonstrating, selecting, carrying, and/or loading merchandise
Listens to and responds knowledgeably and promptly to customer and associate questions by taking them to areas of the store and walking them through projects when necessary
Demonstrates sincere appreciation to customers
Communicates information to customers regarding all stock, special order merchandise, feature benefits, application, and warranty information related to Lowe’s programs
Writes customer contracts and invoices for equipment rental and tool repairs (Tool Rental Department)
Cross-functionally trains in other areas of the store to help deliver the best customer service
Detects common signs of shoplifting, theft, and other security risks, and promptly communicates them to management and/or Asset Protection
Ensures compliance with housekeeping standards and programs (e.g., Zone Recovery) to maintain cleanliness and organization of store and working areas
Maintains a safe and secure work environment, which may include conducting daily safety reviews, noting hazards, keeping aisles clear, and securing doors and gates
Adheres to all safety requirements relevant to one’s regular job duties: top stock safety, reinstalling safety cables, use of aisle blockers, a tether line on power equipment, spotters, and safety devices
Operates store equipment as needed depending on one specific role and department (e.g., Zebra phone, telephone, paging system, copiers, fax machines, computers, CCTV surveillance system, key cutter, panel saw, paint mixer, flooring cutters, compacter baler, tool rentals)

=== JD ===
TITLE: Securities Services Associate - Liquidity Solutions
equirements
Experience analyzing complex information from a variety of sources utilizing Excel, Access, and other analytical applications
Effective communication and presentation skills, professionalism, and ability to interact with all levels ranging from Analyst to Senior MDs as well as Clients
Track record of acclimating to new technologies quickly, identifying product gaps, and representing client requirements to assist in prioritizing product development
Ability to work well in a matrixed and complex organization, with clear, results-driven focus
Proven ability to partner well, particularly as part of a global business
Strong aptitude for math and general financial principles
Responsibilities
Manage the deposit book through rate cycle environment: Repricing of accounts through an evolving rate environment
Quantifying revenue impacts from incremental deposits and repricing activities
Implement and maintain oversight of client deposit pricing structures, developing expertise to support the team and assist colleagues with troubleshooting
Develop expertise in implementation processes and systems across client accounts spanning multiple lines of business
Engage and coordinate proactively with product and technology partners to ensure timely account setup and updates
Stay informed on evolving system technologies and the impact of ongoing system migrations
Assist in creation and maintenance of the Securities Services on-balance sheet deposit program
Engage internal stakeholders, e.g., Sales and Relationship Managers, along with Global Business constituents to align the proposition to other products and market needs
Strategic road-mapping of liquidity solutions, including product extensions and variations
Support ad-hoc research and resolution of daily issues, data requests, reporting requirements, as well as regulatory requests
Keep abreast of industry trends, regulatory changes and buying behavior patterns, identifying potential challenges and opportunities that could impact revenues and client activities
Desired Qualifications
Undergraduate degree required; MBA, Treasury, Securities, or Investment business qualifications preferred
Strong technical and operational aptitude with the ability to work with and synthesize large data sets
Proficient in Microsoft suite of products (e.g., Excel, Word, PowerPoint), and working knowledge of Alteryx preferred

=== JD ===
TITLE: Brokerage and Underwriter Assistants

Responsibilities
Broker Assistants: Executes and coordinates day-to-day brokerage operations and supports the implementation and improvement of operational procedures.
Broker Assistants: Coordinates with the broker to prepare documents, cover letters etc. to market renewal business and provides necessary administrative support in filing, printing, and archiving documents.
Broker Assistants: Administers and updates new and current client information in all required systems accurately.
Broker Assistants: Maintains accurate and organized records of client accounts, transactions, and other relevant documentation and ensures compliance with record-keeping regulations.
Broker Assistants: Performs customer service functions by answering broker requests and questions by telephone, email, chat, or in person.
Broker Assistants: Contributes to the preparation of compliance reports related to brokerage operations and collaborates across broker and finance teams on business requirements.
Broker Assistants: Adheres to regulatory requirements and internal policies and assists in the preparation of compliance reports.
Broker Assistants: Assists in identifying and mitigating operational risks and collaborates with risk management teams to implement controls.
Broker Assistants: Supports the Brokerage team with any ad hoc tasks and requests.
Underwriting Assistants: Evaluates and maintains existing policy information to ensure data is current, accurate, and appropriately priced for renewal.
Underwriting Assistants: Responds to client requests and questions, offering information and advice regarding the insurance products & underwriting appetite.
Underwriting Assistants: Communicates with clients to gather necessary information, resolves inquiries, and ensures a smooth underwriting process.
Underwriting Assistants: Prepares and organizes documentation related to underwriting submissions and policy issuance.
Underwriting Assistants: Assesses risks associated with individual insurance applications, considering both standard and substandard criteria.
Underwriting Assistants: Provides support in premium calculations, ensuring accurate application of rates based on underwriting guidelines.
Underwriting Assistants: Builds and maintains reports on underwriting activities, key performance indicators, and relevant metrics.
Underwriting Assistants: Conducts internal and external audits by providing necessary documentation and information related to underwriting activities.
Underwriting Assistants: Ensures adherence to company policies, guidelines, industry regulations, and compliance standards in underwriting activities.
Underwriting Assistants: Collaborates with underwriting teams to relay information, coordinate tasks, and contribute to the overall underwriting process.
Underwriting Assistants: Serves as the key point of contact for customers and agents and delivers excellent customer service by addressing inquiries, resolving issues, and ensuring a positive experience for them.

=== JD ===
TITLE: Water and Wastewater Engineering Designer
Requirements
Bachelor of Science in Civil, Environmental, Chemical, Mechanical, or a related engineering discipline.
0–4 years of water and wastewater engineering or other applicable industry experience.
Engineer-in-Training (EIT) certification or verification certification is in process.
Basic proficiency in AutoCAD & Civil 3D software is a plus but not required.
Responsibilities
Prepare and edit design drawings, layouts, and plan sheets using CAD software under the direction of senior staff.
Assist with basic design calculations, quantity estimates, and project documentation for water and wastewater systems.
Support data collection and field verification to confirm existing infrastructure conditions.
Collaborate with engineers and designers to ensure design accuracy, completeness, and compliance with applicable standards.

=== JD ===
TITLE: Assistant Store Manager - Camarillo Premium Outlets
Requirements
3+ years of related professional/retail management experience
Ability to meet business goals by driving results through store teams
Ability to work a flexible schedule to meet the needs of the business; will require weekends, evenings, and holidays
Ability to coach and motivate a team to excel at sales and profit results
Proven communication skills, both written and verbal
Solution oriented
Ability to be flexible in a fastpaced-environment
A formal education andsubsequentundergraduate/graduate degrees are nice to have, but we are most interested in your total experience and professional achievements
Responsibilities
Maximize store sales, achieve store sales goals and monitorsales progress & results against key targets
Inspire and model a consumer centric mindset by exemplifying selling behaviors through genuine interactions with customers for the teams to emulate
Support the Store Manager with networking, attracting, recruiting, and interviewing high caliber talent
Provide direct coaching, feedback, training and supervision of the associates, ensuring that all company policies and procedures are followed and in compliance
Demonstrate clear communication, training, and coaching to assist in setting expectations on customer engagement, store policies and procedures as well as fostering a strong team
Assist in managing expenses to maximize sales and profitability
Cultivate an environment of productivity by ensuring the store team has the knowledge and skills to meet store goals for sales and customer engagement